docs: Add example agent use cases section (#202)
upsidelab/enthusiast: docs/content/agents/agent-catalog-enrichment.mdx

export const description = "Catalog Enrichment Agent can automatically understand product catalogs and extract structured data in a specific format. It processes files such as spreadsheets, PDFs or documents, capturing product details, specifications, and metadata accurately. By converting diverse catalog formats into a standardized structure, it ensures consistency, reduces manual work, and speeds up data integration. This makes managing and updating product information faster, reliable, and scalable for any business.";

export const useCases = [
  {

>     title: "Marketplace with multiple vendors",

Reviewer: The title `Marketplace with multiple vendors` sounds a bit informal and does not give a clear meaning. Whether it is a marketplace for vendors or vendors are using your marketplace, there is some confusion/redundancy with this title. 

Also, it is grammatically incorrect as it combines a singular noun **“Marketplace”** with a casual plural descriptor **“vendors”** — so stylistically inconsistent with standard feature naming conventions. Even the e-commerce platforms such as WooCommerce, Shopify, etc., do not follow this style of technical documentation writing. 

If this is a marketplace for multiple vendors, I suggest rephrasing it as:

```suggestion
    title: "Multi‑Vendor Marketplace",
```

>     description: "Normalizes product sheets from various vendors. Enables a consistent and standardized catalog across the marketplace."

Reviewer: Suggest the following rephrasing to align with the rephrased title.

```suggestion
    description: "Unifies and standardizes product data from different vendors, ensuring a consistent, structured, and searchable marketplace catalog."
```
